What is the the software testing?
   we identify the corectness and the qaulity of the application.
How we test?
   manual.
   automation:
When do we go for the automation testing?
   we need to make sure that our manual testing is passed.1.
   we need to make sure that our environment are stable(browser, internet, ).2.
   we need to analyze our test suite and choose our automation tools.3.
what automation tools do we know about:
   Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, JUnit, Katalon Studio, QTP.
Level of Testing:
   Unit testing----do by developers
   Integration testing------QA
   accepting testing-----clients or endures
   system testing ---------- Mostly DevOps
The types of testing:
   Functional testing:(our job)
   smoke regression
   non functional testing:
      performance testing--- is load or stress, performance of the application in a severe load
      security testing---how easy is your application to hack.
What is Selenium?
   is a set of tools which helps us to automate web application. it is mainly used to perform functional testing
Selenium Components:
   -Selenium ID--integrated development environment
   -selenium Grid--Firefox plugin
   -Selenium web driver
   -Selenium RC- Remote Control
What is Selenium web-driver?
   it is Open source automation tool which allows us to perform actions on web applications
   web driver is an Interface.
Advantages of Selenium Webdriver:
   it is open source tool
   it works with different browsers and supports cross browsing testing
   OS independent---- iOS, windows, linux
   it works with different programming languages java, javascript, ruby, python
Disadvantages:
   can not test desktop application
   No technical support
   No built in reports
   can not test images , videos, captchas
get() vs navigate():
   navigate can go back, forward, and refresh
   get() will waite until your page fully load, but navigate will not
   get() will not keep the history of the browser, but navigate () will
close() vs quit()
   close() close you current tab
   quit() close the whole screen
fullscreen () vs maximize()
   maximize () will maximize the browser and you will still be able to see the control panel(back, forward,
   bookmarks)
   fullscreen() will maximize the whole web page











